>> Kyle Simpson: So we're gonna use the
fetch command and we're gonna fetch from,
>> Kyle Simpson: /get-records, is the URL,
and that's gonna give us a result.
And if that result and
comes back correctly and it’s okay.
There’s a couple of
different ways to do this.
You could either say res.okay
which just tells you whether or
not it was successful or you could look at
the specific status code if you wanted to.
I used to do the status code cuz I cared
a little bit more specifically but
now I kind of just tend to do res.okay.
And if that was true,
we still don't have the full response yet.
This is something interesting about
the way fetch works, cuz fetch
first does a request, and then you have
to wait for the body of the response.
And that allows you to basically do some
streaming processing on a response body,
if it were large.
So we only care about a json response,
so we're just simply gonna say,
records = res, no,
we're gonna await res.json().
That takes the body and parses it as
json and gives us that json object back.
So if records and
records.length is greater than 0,
then what we wanna do is
call renderRecords with it.
>> Kyle Simpson: We didn't change
anything about our server,
so I'll leave it running.
Gonna come over here, and I'm gonna
reload to get the new JavaScript.
And then we'll cross our fingers and
hope that when we run fetch records,
it fetched the JSON, printed the results.
I'm gonna go back and
make one last change to our
server now that we're seeing results and
they came back almost immediately.
Let's simulate that the results
might be coming back
a little bit more slowly if we were
talking to a really far away server.
So in our results here I'm going to,
if you see right here, I've already got,
remember util.promisify,
it makes a promise from a callback.
I'm just gonna artificially
insert a delay of one second into
our response from the database.
So I'm gonna just say await delay(1000).
>> Kyle Simpson: We're only
gonna delay on the API.
We're not gonna delay on
the static file serving.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'll kill the server and
start it one last time.
>> Kyle Simpson: And refresh, and
then we'll see that when I click
the Fetch Records, it takes a full
second before we get a response.
Simulates a little bit more like
what it would be on a real website.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, any questions about
how we've handled setting up a basic
HTTP server and
doing static file serving from it,
as well as handling a simple API endpoint?
Yeah.
>> Student: There was a question with,
if you have a lot of data,
is JSON.stringify okay or
would you stream that or what would you?
>> Kyle Simpson: It depends on what we
mean by a lot, so if it was upwards of
five to ten megabytes of JSON,
I would probably still stringify it.
If we were talking about
hundreds of megabytes or
gigabytes of data,
then I would probably look for streaming.
And it turns out there are actually
streaming JSON serializers and parsers.
They are,
it's not perfect because the JSON format
is not exactly designed for streaming.
So there's some convention
involved in how you search up and
how you have to chunk things up.
But I would probably, if I was doing a
really, really large chunk of JSON getting
sent to the server, I mean to the browser,
anything over say ten megabytes or
something I will definitely
probably start streaming that up.
>> Kyle Simpson: Otherwise,
the chunking that the HTML
protocol already has is
probably good enough.
It's probably only for really,
really large payloads that you would wanna
step in and do your own sort of streaming.
And maybe even would stream over
something like a WebSocket protocol
in that case since it might be open for
a really long time.
So I might open up a WebSocket protocol
and keep that persistent for a while, or
something like that.